{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14760\viewh16500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MISSION LOG - DAY 1  \
CAPTAIN ROHAN, MINING OPERATIONS\
\
Final approach to LP 890-9c commences at 0600 hours. The \
others remain in cryogenic suspension, which affords me \
a solitude not unwelcome. Through the observation port, \
the planet unfolds beneath us\'97a tapestry of rust and \
shadow, plains that stretch toward a horizon curved with \
an alien geometry, a reminder that this world answers to \
different laws than those we carry in our bones.\
\
The automated surveys have done their work with mechanical \
efficiency. Landing zone alpha awaits us, fifteen kilometers \
distant across terrain the drones have mapped but not \
walked. The mineral deposits there are rich\'97dense enough \
with rare compounds to justify the vast expenditure of \
fuel and time required to span the gulf between stars. \
The company desires efficiency. We desire compensation. \
An ancient contract, this exchange of risk for reward.\
\
The fuel margins are tighter than doctrine recommends. \
Descent through even this thin atmosphere demands its \
tribute, and the topography between here and our \
destination presents complications\'97canyons carved by \
forces we can only theorize, boulder fields arranged in \
patterns that suggest, perhaps, something more than mere \
erosion. But the supply drones have deployed caches along \
our route, small reservoirs of possibility scattered like \
breadcrumbs through a forest we do not yet understand.\
\
Rodriguez, our equipment specialist, suggests I am prone \
to excessive caution. Perhaps he is correct. The surveys \
returned no anomalies\'97no atmosphere worth the name, no \
seismic volatility, no biosignatures of any kind. Only \
stone and metal and the silence of an empty world.\
\
And yet.\
\
Dr. Yashida has been studying the spectral analysis of \
those canyon formations. She speaks of "intentional \
geometry," of crystalline structures that arrange \
themselves with uncommon regularity. When I asked her \
meaning, she would only say that she requires more data \
before forming hypotheses. This is her way\'97to withhold \
interpretation until evidence compels it.\
\
I find myself studying those formations now, visible even \
from orbit. Angular. Precise. Almost architectural in \
their arrangement.\
\
Almost.\
\
Initiating descent sequence. The engines respond with \
their familiar thunder. We fall toward answers we have \
not yet thought to question.}